Feature/filter outside click (#433)
vtex-apps/search-result: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - new prop `closeOnOutsideClick` on FilterNavigator to close filter on outside click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prop `closeOnOutsideClick` on `filter-navigator.v3` to close filter on outside click.
```
can you add this new prop to the docs?
